Previously on Harrow...
Welcome the new member
of the Cliffham staff,
Dr Grace Molyneux.
Hello, Grace.
You're Fairley's girlfriend?!
He's my uncle.
Why aren't you in hospital?
I thought I'd look over
some old case files
to see who might have an axe to grind.
There are thousands.
And I shot him.
- Shot who?
- Daniel Harrow.
Mr Lincoln roses.
Did you like my flowers?
Who is this?
This is the man who left those red roses
because I'm the one who shot you.
The man who shot me has been arrested.
And has perished in Her Majesty's care.
I'm glad I didn't kill
you with my first shot.
Now I will take away
everything that you hold dear.
Everything that makes
your life worth living.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Argh!
Sync & corrections by emeline-whovian
www.addic7ed.com.
Well, that went better than I expected.
Were we in the same courtroom?
She's going to trial.
Your daughter was caught
with $20,000 worth of stolen
pharmaceuticals in her flat.
We were lucky the magistrate
met with our submission.
That I have to live with Mum or Dad.
Otherwise you wouldn't
have been granted bail.
So...
who's it going to be?
- I think you should stay with your mum.
- You should stay with me.
Well, what if I wanted to stay with you?
I think you'd be more
comfortable at your mother's.
Is this because of the shooting?
Dad, they caught the guy, right?
He's dead.
Yep.
Well, that's fine, I'll stay with Mum.
Good, I'll let the magistrate know.
So, in the meantime,
stick to your bail conditions.
Find yourself a job.
Stay out of trouble.
This is bullshit, I had nothing
to do with any of this.
- Did Callan?
- Mum...
Protecting him won't help you.
Can we go, please?
Fern?
We will make this right.
Do you think she'll be
OK staying at yours?
She's going to have to be.
Fish!
What happened, hey?
What... what they say?
Cal, they think I did it,
and that I won't be seeing you anymore.
What? Why?
Because you've got a criminal record.
If the cops see you and Fern together
she'll be arrested for breaching
her bail conditions, OK?
But you didn't do anything wrong.
- They weren't her drugs.
- Were they yours?
No.
No!
- I... I wouldn't do that to you!
- We have to go... now.
You know I wouldn't do that to you.
- Fish!
- Callan...
You have to stay away from her.
Are you telling the truth?
Seriously?
You have no idea, do you?
Who tipped you off?
Fern said you knew exactly
what you were looking for
when you raided her flat.
Someone told you the
fentanyl was there. Who?
You know I can't tell you.
I know what you think about Fern,
but she's not a criminal.
And she's not the doe-eyed innocent
you think she is either.
We both know she has form.
She has never been charged
with drug offences.
So, what do you think happened, Daniel?
Someone just walked into her flat
and put $20,000 worth of fentanyl
in her bag for safekeeping?
She was working as a cleaner
at the chemist
where the fentanyl was stolen from.
She was on the premises the same day
the drugs went missing.
She had keys.
She had access to the security system,
and she knew where the drugs were kept.
Purely circumstantial,
that proves nothing.
I also had Scientific check the bag,
Fern's fingerprints are all over it.
Well, of course they are, it's her bag.
She's not denying that.
No other prints, Dan, only hers.
Your daughter broke the law
and she's going to have to pay.
Harrow.
How's Jill McCloud?
Heart-warming as ever.
And your daughter?
Not guilty.
Every parent wants to believe
their child is innocent.
I know how it sounds,
but I'm not convinced it's as
straightforward as Jill thinks.
What do you mean?
I, got a call late last night.
It was a man's voice.
He said he was the person who shot me.
He told me that he was glad I didn't die
because now he wants to destroy
everything I care about.
And right after that, I got the call
that Fern had been arrested.
You know Skene confessed to
the shooting? He had the gun.
- I know.
- And now he's in your morgue.
I know.
And you were all over the news
for a while there.
This wasn't a prank call.
This guy knew things.
He wants to make me suffer.
- Caller ID?
- No.
Look, Harrow...
I know you've been through a lot,
and this stuff with Fern
can't be helping,
but just think about what
you're suggesting here.
That Skeme was a patsy?
Someone set him up,
and that same someone
put stolen drugs in your daughter's
flat all to get back at you?
I know. It sounds crazy.
OK, listen, we'll take it seriously.
We're still monitoring your phone
so I'll look into it.
OK?
Alright.
Come on, otherwise young Simon
will do you out of a job.
You know, he's becoming
a bigger pain in the arse than you.
Base jumpers.
Yep, broke into the building
early this morning
to access the roof for a dawn jump
and now look at them.
I mean, this is why
base jumping is illegal.
Any witnesses?
Well, I mean,
the guy whose car they hit.
Ray Gupta.
He stops in for a coffee
and this happens.
- And that's a nice start to the day.
- Did he see anything?
- Well, nothing useful.
- Have you ID'd the bodies?
Luca Fandino and Tomas Fuentes.
Spanish nationals and,
and well-known
YouTube stars, apparently.
What was the name of their channel?
Live Life Now.
Fly around the world
filming these crazy stunts.
They had two million followers.
His chute is still in its pack.
Who goes base jumping
and doesn't pull their chute?
Well, Tomas pulled his,
it was fully deployed.
He still hit the ground pretty hard.
Maybe he pulled it too late.
Or the chutes were faulty.
I'll get Scientific to check them,
but I think at the moment
we're looking at death by misadventure.
No cameras.
Tomas wasn't wearing one,
but Luka had a GoPro
mounted to his helmet.
We're still accessing the footage.
And wife filmed some of it.
Anna Mechaud, Canadian.
Was she going to jump too?
I couldn't.
How could I?
And I realised what happened.
I couldn't bring myself to jump,
so I ran back downstairs.
Luca's done this hundreds of times.
So has Tomas.
But for both of them to die,
it doesn't make any sense.
- Did your husband pack his own chute?
- Yes.
- And Tomas?
- Yes, we always pack our own chutes.
Could anyone have tampered with them?
No, we never let them
out of our sight before a jump.
I hadn't even been married for a year.
This shouldn't have happened.
What are the odds that two parachutes
failed during the same jump?
I don't know.
But those guys were pros.
Maybe they were just unlucky.
I...
I know how hard this must be
for you, to come back here.
Do you believe me?
About the drugs.
If you say you didn't do it then...
yes, I believe you.
I'm sorry you had to go
through all this.
No...
I'm the one that should be sorry.
I like what you've
done with the place.
Not quite as OCD as Fairley's,
but borderline.
He did give me this
to warm the place up with.
Said I might need it to disembowel
nosy work colleagues.
They can be terrible around here.
So, is this smaller than your office
at Royal North Shore?
It's rude to google people.
Just curious about my
new work colleague.
So, why did you leave neurosurgery?
Aside from the charms of joining
the great unwashed in pathology.
It was time for a career change.
Can I help you with something?
Why didn't you come
to the accident scene this morning?
If the police needed me
I would have come.
But I have the reports, the photos,
everything I need, right here.
Sometimes there's more to learn
than just what's in the report.
How does it feel to live life
in the moment?
In the present, in the now?
To do what you want to do every second,
every minute, every day.
Life isn't a prison.
You can choose to be free.
It's up to you.
- Just take the leap.
- Yee-ha!
Live your life,
live it free, live it now.
I'm surprised it's taken them
this long to come to grief.
Are you saying you don't take risks?
The last time I did,
I discovered the guy lived on a boat...
at anchor.
Not a good prospect.
Don't you think it's strange?
They had done over 100 jumps each,
but one pulls his pilot chute too late,
and the other doesn't pull at all.
Pilot chute?
Yes, base jumpers don't use rip cords.
They have pilot chutes.
It's a small parachute
they pull from their pack
during freefall
that drags open the main chute.
Now, the building they jumped from
was over 300 meters high,
which would have given them
about four seconds of freefall
before they had to pull their chutes.
Plenty of time.
But Luca's was still in his pack.
Why?
What stopped him from pulling?
Maybe he had a cardiac arrest
when he jumped?
An aneurysm stroke?
That may explain one, but both?
Sorry to interrupt.
Spanish Embassy has given us
the OK for the autopsy.
And Police Scientific?
Checked both chutes.
Nothing wrong with them.
They said they were both
packed correctly.
Ooh, sorry.
Well, cause of death won't
take too long to pinpoint.
Why anyone would throw
themselves off a building
expecting a flimsy piece of fabric
to save them is beyond me.
You went skydiving
in New Zealand though.
- You sent me that pic.
- Yeah. Yes!
Well, that was completely different.
It was a tandem jump.
My instructor
had a lifetime's experience.
Why was that different?
Well, knowing there was a man behind me
who was that skilled made my first time
feel very... safe...
and very satisfying.
Quite transformative really.
Right. Shall we get started?
Multiple and severe fractures
to his neck,
spine, and limbs,
as well as deep skin lacerations.
Fluids are done.
I'll order a full tox.
If he had any drugs or alcohol
in his system,
it might explain
why he didn't pull his chute.
Hello.
This is interesting.
Yes?
I was just about to
complete the external
and I saw this.
Skin lacerations.
Both bodies are covered in them.
Yes, but this one isn't consistent
with impact injury.
- This one looks more like...
- A rope burn.
Friction abrasions, yes.
But from what?
Well, perhaps he was trying
to untangle his suspension line
before he hit the ground.
But at the accident scene
his suspension lines weren't tangled.
Let's check the wound for fibres.
Shall we start internals?
Yes.
What do you make of this?
Dislocated vertebra?
No, it's too soft.
It looks like... a cyst.
Yes.
This is no ordinary cyst.
That is a larval cyst.
A larval cyst...
of a tapeworm.
If the cyst was pressing
on Luca's spinal cord
it could have affected
his motor functions.
It's a possibility.
Parasitic infections are known to cause
nervous system disorders
like seizures, blindness,
weakness in legs and hands.
Enough to stop him
from pulling his chute?
The million dollar question.
You want to get this little guy
off to the lab.
Er, Grace, are you heading out
tonight or will you be staying in?
I'm staying in tonight.
- That OK?
- Great. Lovely. Fine.
That's every night this week.
- Sorry?
- Grace.
I said she could stay at mine
until she finds a place.
But?
Well, now she's put a bit of a pin
in the old love-life.
You know how it is, Harrow.
You head out,
you meet a single lady,
a couple of Singapore Slings later
you invite her back
to your apartment for a bit of...
Please stop.
No, exactly the opposite.
But I don't feel comfortable doing
that with my niece in the next room.
The walls in my apartment
are paper thin.
- They're shoji screens.
- Exactly.
And I don't want Grace to think I'm
some sort of insatiable lothario.
But a man has urges, Harrow.
Urges he cannot deny.
The sooner she's out
from under my feet, the better.
So...
when did you sleep with Grace?
What makes you think
I've slept with Grace?!
The night before she started.
And for the record,
I didn't know she was working here,
or that I was her supervisor,
or that she was Fairley's niece.
Jeez, triple whammy.
Is it serious?
We decided to keep things
strictly professional.
Yeah, good luck with that.
Haven't you got something to sterilise?
Sorry.
_
Hey, how's Fern?
Have you spoken to her?
Not since we left court.
Is everything OK?
She's not here.
She hasn't been here all afternoon.
And she stripped out her room.
I'm worried, Daniel.
Have you called her?
No! That never occurred to me.
Of course I have. She's not answering.
Dan, what if she's with Callen?
- If they're caught together...
- Let me call her, OK?
Yeah.
Hi.
Hi, Bum.
Where are you?
Doing what my lawyer said,
looking for a job.
Are you checking up on me?
I... got a call from your mum.
She's worried about you.
So am I.
Why didn't you want me to stay
in the Betty with you?
Look, I told you.
Yeah, but I'm not an idiot, Dad.
What's the real reason?
I don't know yet.
What's that mean?
What's going on?
Dad?
Look, it's complicated.
Worm results are in.
Look, I've got to go.
Talk soon, OK?
_
So, how'd you go?
I'm sorry.
You were right.
Taenia solium, lava of a pork tapeworm.
I thought tapeworms
lived in the intestines.
They do.
So, how did this one
end up in his spine?
Because Luca was infected
by a human, not a pig.
We all know that Luca was travelling
around the world, right?
So, let's say he ate something
from a street vendor
who had a tapeworm in his intestine,
and through poor hygiene
was contaminating
the food he was preparing
with his own faeces.
Nice.
Well, when the eggs hatch,
the larvae thinks it's inside a pig
so it enters into the bloodstream
and ends up in the brain, eyes,
liver, and the spine.
So, it took a wrong turn?
In a manner of speaking, yes.
And as the larva grows,
it can block the flow
of cerebrospinal fluid to the brain.
Did the helminthologist
say how long it was there?
Based on life cycle,
infection occurred two months ago.
There are only three species
of tapeworm that can infect humans,
and taenia solium can be found
only in Latin America.
- Did Luca travel there recently?
- Yes.
Yeah, I saw a video on their feed.
Look, Argentina a month ago.
They shot this just before they left.
- Hey, guapo, are you ready to fly?
- I'm always...
Well, that explains where
he picked up the tapeworm,
but we still don't know
if it was causing problems
with his motor functions.
We do now.
Hey, Anna...
He can't grip properly.
Get him to move his ass.
Move that sexy ass!
And look, his pilot chute
is packed on the left.
Well, it makes sense. If you're
having trouble with your right hand
it'd be easer to grab on the left side.
Yes, but look.
Right now.
If Luka was having trouble
with his right hand,
why did he pack his pilot chute
on the right this morning?
A tapeworm?
Pressing on his spinal cord.
I think it may have been
causing problems with his hands.
Yeah, well...
that'd explain a few things.
OK...
This is what
we pulled from Luca's camera.
OK, three, two, one... Espera, para!
He failed to pull his chute.
Yeah, like you said. The tapeworm.
OK, and this is the footage
the wife shot from the rooftop.
OK, I'll go first.
- See you down there, man.
- Go for it, babe!
OK, three, two, one... Espera, para!
Luca!
Tomas jumped after him.
So, maybe he tried to
grab Luca in midair,
and tried to use his own chute
to save him.
Fairley did find
an unusual cut on his hand.
Tomas said something in Spanish
when Luca jumped.
I couldn't make it out.
- Can we turn up the volume?
- Yeah, yeah.
- See you down there, man.
- Go for it, babe!
OK, three, two, one... Espera, para!
'Espera, para...'
It means, "Wait, stop."
Tomas was trying to warn him.
He knew Luca's chute was
packed on the wrong side
which means he knew
about Luka's dodgy hand.
Did his wife know, too?
I had no idea.
But Tomas seemed to know.
If I didn't know about the
tapeworm, how could he?
Luca was right-handed.
- Is that correct?
- Yes.
And he always packed his
pilot chute on the right?
Yes, but he'd been complaining
about a sore shoulder
when we were in Argentina,
so he started packing it on the left.
But this morning on the roof,
it was packed on the right.
And you're certain Luca
packed his own chute?
Of course.
I don't get it.
If Luca was having problems,
why didn't he tell me?
What?
Why would Tomas know
about Luca's hand problem,
but not his wife?
Jesus, Harrow.
I could give you a list
a mile long of the things
I didn't tell my ex-wife.
Who's the ex?
Look, what does it matter anyway?
You found your culprit.
It's a bloody tapeworm.
OK, Anna Mechaud is leaving
the country tomorrow night
and she wants to take
the bodies with her.
Unless you have a good reason to stall.
No...
Well, then I'll close the case, Dan.
And, Harrow...
That call you got?
I talked to the tech team about it.
You didn't mention it
was one of those,
internet messaging apps.
Why is that a problem?
Well, those apps are encrypted.
They're untraceable,
so there's no way
we can identify that number.
So what am I supposed
to do if he calls again?
You don't pick up.
Like I said, it's probably
just a nuisance caller.
- Yeah.
- Dan.
- Paul, hi.
- Summer cold?
- No, it's just a flu I can't shake.
Hey, erm, listen, I'm sorry
to hear about your daughter.
I hope the trial goes well.
Wait, you're not prosecuting her?
No, I recused myself.
Of course.
Listen, mate, I hope
you got yourself a good solicitor.
Why?
Fern's got no criminal record.
She's never been in any trouble.
At worst, we think it might be
a suspended sentence.
Normally, yeah,
but, Dan, this is a bad time
to be caught with fentanyl.
The courts are making examples.
Fern's looking at charges of theft,
possession, intent to sell...
And she could go to jail
for seven years.
Seven years? Paul, she didn't do it.
I don't think it's going
to matter, mate.
Unless you can prove someone else did.
I'm sorry.
Callen.
I know what you and Steph are thinking,
but I didn't steal those drugs.
I would never do that to Fern.
I believe you.
Really?
I know how much you love Fern.
Yeah.
I do.
Callen...
where are you staying
now that you've lost your flat?
Here you go.
I didn't know you could cook.
I didn't know
you knew anything about me.
It's delicious.
It's Fern's favourite.
Hey, thanks for letting me stay in,
you know...
Stop thanking me. It's fine.
It won't be for long.
You know, just until I can find
my own place to crash.
Yes, you've already said.
Don't worry,
I'll make myself very useful.
I'll, um... I'll cook.
I'll tidy up.
Well...
no-one could tidy this place.
But I won't get in your face.
Promise.
That was incredible.
So, who are those guys?
They're base jumpers.
Did one of them die or something?
Shit. Sorry.
So, what are you looking for?
This guy...
had a problem with his right hand.
So I'm trawling through
all these clips to find out
when he started using his left.
There's, like, a thousand clips in here.
Yeah.
Which is why I think
I might call it a night.
But it's only nine o'clock.
It's been a very long day.
Don't drink my whisky.
- Isn't this case closed?
- Yes.
Want to give me a hand?
You found something.
He's having trouble with his
right hand, we know that.
Yes, but this video was shot in Madrid
one month before Luca went to Argentina,
one month before the tapeworm infection.
So the nerve damage to his spine...
Wasn't caused by the tapeworm.
Then what caused it?
Hold that thought.
Hola, Dr Resende.
Si. I have the blood test you requested
for my patient, Luca Fardino.
Excellent.
- Could you send them to me, please?
- Absolutely.
And can you confirm his CPK levels?
We found they were unusually high,
over 1,000 units per litre.
I found the same thing when he came
to see me before he went travelling.
We did some tests and found
that Luca was suffering from ALS.
I think you'd call it...
Motor neurone disease.
Si.
MND is an idiopathic
neurodegenerative disorder
that selectively affects motor neurons.
These control
the body's effector organs,
which carry out the nervous
responses to external stimuli.
Anna, MND is a horrible disease.
It destroys the pathways
that deliver messages from
the brain to the muscles.
It starts with loss of muscle control.
Then difficulties with breathing,
then paralysis, and death.
It's the reason Luca was having
trouble with his right hand.
So...
his sore shoulder?
It was just an excuse
to hide his symptoms.
He never told you about his diagnosis?
No.
And I know why.
Luca always said that...
if he couldn't live the way we lived
then he'd rather not live at all.
Are you saying it was deliberate?
I know my husband, Dr Harrow.
To end up in a body
that was failing him.
Needing constant care.
He wouldn't have wanted that.
He wouldn't have wanted me
to go through that.
He spared us all.
Maxine said you'd be up here...
having a sneaky cigarette.
I don't smoke anymore.
Shame. I could do with a drag.
This from a girl who doesn't take risks.
For the record,
you said that, not me.
You're not comfortable
dealing with patients, are you?
We all have our own thing.
So, what do you do up here
if you don't smoke?
Think, breathe.
Get away from your uncle.
And you're thinking about Luca.
You're not convinced, are you?
If you were going to spare your wife
the suffering of watching you die,
why would you jump off
a building in front of her?
It doesn't make sense.
Is that your gut talking?
- Yeah.
- The one that's been shot?
I've seen what motor neurone
disease does to people.
I've seen patients live with it
and die with it.
It's not just them who suffer.
It's their families too.
They're the ones
that have to nurse them to the end.
And if you had the choice,
would you ever consider...?
Yes. I would.
Anyway, looks like you solved the case.
Impressive.
So I'll see you tomorrow.
Dr Resende, soy Daniel Harrow.
I got your email and saw
that Luca's wife, Anna Mechaud
was listed as Luca's emergency contact.
That's right.
Did she know about his diagnosis?
She was in the room
when I gave Luca the results.
Of course she knew. Why?
Because she said she didn't.
You've called Bryan Nichols,
please leave a message.
Bryan, it's Harrow.
Anna Mechaud lied to us.
Call me as soon as you can.
_
This isn't a BMW.
It says here you drive a BMW.
It's at the shop.
I had a little accident.
Let me guess.
You got hit by a base jumper.
I know you're a fan, Ray.
I know you drove them
to the building before they jumped.
And I know you waited for them
when Luca fell and hit your car.
That's when you removed
the Sadel sticker from your BMW
and lied to the police.
And seeing as you didn't mention
your involvement,
that makes you an accessory to a crime.
What do you want?
I want to see all the footage
you have of them from your dash cam.
You're going to wait for us, right?
Drive us back to the hotel?
Don't worry, I'll wait.
This is the building.
Tomas and I will try
the fire-escape. Take this.
See you down there.
That's all there is.
Wait!
Hi.
It was Anna Mechaud!
- What?!
- She swapped the chute.
I've left a message for Nichols
but he's not picking up,
I need you to find him.
Where are you?
I'm on my way to Anna.
She's on the roof of the building.
- Daniel...
- Tell Nichols to meet me there.
No, this is not your job.
Wait for the police.
Harrow? Harrow?
I know many of you have
been asking what will happen
now that Luca and Tomas are gone.
They started this channel,
and they wouldn't want it to end
with their passing.
So, This Life Now will continue.
I will keep their vision alive,
and strive for the best life I can live
now they're gone.
Better now that you
don't have to nurse a husband
with motor neurone disease.
You lied, Anna.
You knew Luca had MND.
I don't know what you're talking about.
You knew what was ahead,
years of pain watching him fade away,
trapped in a body that was dying.
And you'd be trapped too.
No longer able to live
the life you love,
the life he promised you.
So you swapped his pilot chute.
You wanted him to die.
How did it feel?
To say goodbye.
I love you.
To stand here and watch
your husband leap to his death.
But you weren't expecting Tomas
to jump after him.
OK, I'll go first.
See you down there, man.
Go for it, babe!
He saw the Luca's pilot chute
was parked on the wrong side.
Espera, para!
He even tried to warn him!
It was too late.
So you killed him too.
That wasn't my fault.
Yes, it was.
And you are going to have to live
with that for the rest of your life.
No...
I won't.
- Anna, what are you...?
- Seven seconds, doctor,
- that's all it takes.
- No, no, no, don't do this.
Anna, please. Please.
Stay away from me!
Anna, please.
I can't go to jail.
I won't.
This isn't the answer.
I couldn't be a nurse to him
for years and years.
I know.
It's no life, either.
Anna, please.
- Argh!
- No, no, no, no...
- Hold on!
It's OK. It's OK.
It's OK, I've got you.
Thank you.
You know, we should do this
every afternoon.
Every afternoon?
Yeah.
Sure. Yeah.
For f...
Harrow.
Better be bloody good.
You have one new voice message.
Anna!
Please, don't!
Please!
Urgh!
Sorry, doctor.
No...
- No!
- Hey!
Argh!
Je... Need a hand?
Before I ask you any questions,
I must advise you that you have
the right to remain silent.
That means you don't have
to say anything...
She almost had me fooled.
I was this close to believing her.
I did believe her.
Maybe that gut of yours
is worth listening to.
You... You busted your stitches.
It's nothing.
I'll get Nambo to take a look at it.
It's fine, I'll patch it up at home.
Call yourself a surgeon?
Just shut up and keep drinking.
Is there anything stronger?
When you leave the building,
the safety net disappears.
You said that.
Remember?
You could have died!
But I didn't, thanks to you.
And we found the truth.
Are you OK?
The shooting, now this.
All part of a day's work.
I could... stay.
You could.
But I shouldn't.
No.
Call if you need me.
I thought I'd find you here.
You don't think I did it.
No, I don't.
I think someone did this
to you to get to me.
Why?
Because I love you
and they want to hurt me.
Do you know who?
I have no idea.
But I'm going to find out.
_
Someone has a sense of humour.
Mr Lincoln roses.
Because I was shot, too.
Is Bryan here?
- What?
- No, he's asleep. Why? What's that?
Do you remember these bodies?
They were brought into the morgue
15 years ago,
she'd been violently strangled
and he'd been shot
multiple times by this man.
Francis Chester.
There was a string of murders,
just like this one,
all linked to him.
Yes, yes, I remember.
Why... Why are you looking at these?
Because I believe that he was
the man who shot me.
Look.
Mr Lincoln roses.
Do you remember
when I was at the hospital?
Someone sent me the same roses.
There was no name on the card,
but it had to be Chester.
- Harrow...
- Don't you get it?
I put away for these murders
15 years ago
and now he wants to get his own back.
- Harrow...
- Could he have gotten out?
- I mean, did he appeal his sentence?
- Daniel!
It can't have been Francis Chester.
Why? Is he still in jail?
No, no. He's dead.
He died in a prison fire six months ago.
Next on Harrow...
So, if anyone wanted revenge,
it'd be Francis Chester.
Only he's dead.
Whatever it is, maybe I can help.
I won't be pleading guilty
for something I didn't do.
I mean, we've got to find out who
actually put those drugs there.
It's one of the worst parts of this job,
wanting something
and not being able to have it.
Looks like someone
bricked up the asbestos sheeting,
and shoved her in as well.
Maybe someone wasn't trying to kill her,
maybe someone was trying to save her.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org